When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Most of the time, using a remote repository would be a good idea, for several 
    reasons. For example, it works well as a backup, but also it is the most
    convenient way to share our work with other people. Having a remote repository
    makes it also extremely easy to work from different computers, since we 
    would only need to clone the remote repository on the new computer to get up
    and running.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    If Git were to stay up-to-date with the remote repository automatically, then
    it may happen that someone would commit a change to a file I am modifying, and 
    the state of the repository would become inconsistent, or it may even delete my
    changes. It makes much more sense to decide autonomously when it is the right 
    moment to pull changes to a local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A fork is a copy of a GitHub repository into another GitHub account. Usually,
    we would want to fork a repository when we don't have writing permissions to 
    the repository we want to work on. 
    A clone is a copy of a repository to another location. We may clone a GitHub 
    repository locally, or we may even clone a local repository to another local
    location or to another computer.
    A branch is also a copy of a repository, but while usually we want to keep forks
    and clones in sync with the original, a branch is a copy that is intended to
    diverge from the main branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Fill in your answer here

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
