What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you initialize a repository, all the necessary assets needed to track 
	files are added to a hidden folder called `.git`. When a repository is 
	initialized, it is empty and no files are originally tracked, but it is already 
	possible to check what untracked files are present in the working directory and 
	could be committed to the repository.
	When a repository is cloned from another existing repository, it doesn't need
	to be initialized, because the existing repository gets cloned with all of 
	its history. However, when we need to create a new repository from scratch, we 
	need to initialize it, which in fact means creating an empty repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is different from the working directory, because the files in
	the working directory do not necessarily need to be tracked. For example, in our
	working directory we may have files that we want to track and other files that 
	we don't want to track. However, when we add a file to the staging area, the 
	assumption is that we intend to track that file, and commit it to our repository.
	Still, the staging area is different from the repository as well, because the files
	in the staging area are not yet committed to the repository. In fact, if we notice
	that we staged files that we actually wanted to commit separately, it is easy to 
	unstage some of our files, create a commit with the staged files, then add back to the 
	staging area the files we unstaged before and create a second commit.
	The usefulness of the staging area is that if we work on different things in our working
	directory, we can then organize our work into logically meaningful commits that we want 
	to record in our repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	First of all, it is useful to compare the working directory to the staging area 
	using `git diff`, to make sure what changes were made to which files. Then, all 
	files that contain modifications addressing one single logical change can be added 
	to the staging area, at which point they can be compared to the repository, using 
	`git diff --staged`. Then, when the correct files are identified with certainty, 
	the commit can be created, and further files pertaining to a different logical change 
	can be added to the staging area, and then commited to the repository. This way, we
	ensure that we create one single commit for each logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches would be useful every time we want to test out some new feature that either
	we are not sure we will end up adding to our production code, or that may take longer
	to develop and we want to add it to production only when it's finished.
	Branches would help in such cases, because they would allow us to track changes, and 
	to be able to show our changes to other people, but without affecting the master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams basically offer a visual representation of the branch structure. 
	Examining a diagram, it is easy to understand what commits are reachable from which
	branch, and it is also easier to find out when a merge may be required.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?



What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	
